[Music]
[Applause]
all right so we are walking up to LCS
right now as it's a Sunday and echo fox
and TSM are playing we are running a
little late because Brodin who's
shooting this was late to meet me this
morning and we have stuff to do isn't
that right burden I had a meeting and
times were change it is not on me
11:30 who's supposed to be here at 11:30
anyway we're about to go through
security and hopefully we haven't missed
too much of this echo Fox GSI match
because I'm actually pretty hype about
it
[Music]
it just works out well for me and Wow
I think Travis is a great reporter he
stands for everything that's all right
in journalism some say he's a
trendsetter some say he's a trailblazer
I think of him a man among men I mean
he's pretty much the TSM of human beings
so right now we just sat down
Rodan thankfully can now use two hands
so hold this cos not carrying a giant
laptop that's so footage should be way
better right pardon okay anyway I am
currently in that echo your hearing is
because I'm at the last box of media and
the media lounge behind this is where a
lot of I tend to like this room a little
bit more cuz it's a little quieter more
intimate you know I can just sit back
and relax and don't have to hear too
much jibber jabber about what everybody
else thinks about it's going on with the
game so but we'll find out in just a
little bit who's gonna win
[Music]
well echovox the TSM just had their game
it's all done and Xbox one that's
freaking crazy but anything I give
another hour long match by the way I
don't know why they keep stepping else
yes and now for the glitz and glamour of
what it's like to be Travis calf about
the LCS we're just waiting for all those
people to get done with their fans we've
been waiting for probably 20 minutes or
so a fan meets just take forever and I
just sit here wait and missed the
beginning of the cloud9 match it's a
we're doing a five-game on the shape
[Music]
all right well what do you want from the
truck
the pokey looks good
[Music]
is that actually what you want yeah I
don't know if that's a pokey reference
or whatever
no okay we're ordering you the pokeball
you want small or large like large okay
well people think I don't pay my
producer
why do you feed them that's that's all
you need okay 42 42 bilder these little
black things are them pretty good people
no no it's good
you never had it you should have it
people don't know that yes people don't
know about moment it's only go son
couple more anything
[Applause]
I was just in New York and Bobo
everywhere well it's like an honor
Midwest may be surprised at how many
people don't know about
[Music]
are you doing Zefram flog news yesterday
i won that and then i'm here to wonder
so this is Gabriel he's my roommate
but we talk I never see them anymore
we're talking my youtube channel
sup YouTube how you doin I never see him
anymore he doesn't come back home at
night I think he's sleeping up a hundred
feet south two nights I did I heard that
there bed charlie thoughts on the other
day I saw a picture of him from like
will see every time Travis tells me to
cut it I have to add like a month on
don't cut your hair the cool thing
that's happening behind me right now is
this fan thing that happens after every
match I used to be if you came to LCS
and you're seen wasps they might not
come out now all the teams come out even
if they lose I really like it you
basically get a chance to take pictures
with people it's really cool but again I
have to wait forever for it we've done
so I can interview somebody
[Music]
so the game is wrapping up which means
awfully is right here waiting for the
action to go so she can ask questions
but in a second you're gonna get some
cool footage of her getting her makeup
done
no makeup artist is in here already done
off she goes off she goes
[Music]
this is Rachel who I talked to on Millar
level video she just worked with me a
job though and she's a rising star in
the eSports oh you're making fun of this
is saying you're nothing I don't like
where this blog is going
I'm here with Damian Estrada it's his
birthday birthday boy Damian right here
he's a creative genius behind the
rosters you've seen A Team Liquid
previously except for this year
this year it was taken away from him but
up until now he's been the guy that's
architected all those losses Oh me yeah
[Music]
that's their leave no I used to bring a
family
she likes the interview losers do that
yeah I say you can't insult me if I told
myself like you needed a spill cyanide
in this coffee so much use the camera
for most of the murder of a president
yeah great what are you doing out here
mr. chow you never been have you met
Ronan
but is this on the phone rings why does
that freak you favor he's next to you by
the way all the lighting in my
interviews brought to you by this giant
beacon of light that's cloth the studio
so anytime you see the flickering it's
because the giant screen
hey it's dick sake that's what
like grilling carries this but he's
holding the camera so the days went down
we're headed into the last match in just
a second because it's LA and it's
January and it's winter it's actually
about 78 degrees outside and so we're
gonna go see what's up this free food
she's stealing free food from the studio
no I give up my time my energy to come
here so well you give up your time and
your energy to come to these games yeah
I assume they're there longer than
Titanic
chop-chop let's do it
I'm here right now at the very end of
week two of the NA LCS 2018 season with
coverage brought to you by Tommy flesh
I'm joined right now
all right notorious pol be did you guys
know we looking the same for anything
are you serious yes wait how do you want
Peter do you wanna get dinner with me oh
yeah sure
alright spree real huh for real are you
dumb
yeah I'm her with us he says yes okay
yeah did right do you want to leave why
do you have to deal with ring like an
interview though what why do you do this
during an interview because if you'll
leave and I'll never see you again let's
go you can't go to dinner with us I told
you that before this interview I said
you could go to dinner with us alright
LCS is all done and it's pretty
exhausting these games keep going longer
and longer and longer now I'm off to get
dinner with pobelter doublelift and
maybe awfully if she can get out of her
meeting in time I'm outside right now
I'm with Peter and Eugene
and awfully and we're gonna go get
dinner on Sawtelle which is cool area in
Los Angeles this is the life pop Peter
is that just a phaser now I've got a
YouTube thumbnail for this video because
you're really good at that you in
Pokemon I think it's what she's really
good at making reaction
[Music]
so a day in life of Travis's him iving
himself microfilm out to be better than
he actually is
to protect his fragile ego just another
day the wife the thing I don't
understand about Orion is there's a
different word for older brother and
older sister but younger brother and
younger sister the same word it's just
amazing
respect your help